AKU: Long ago, in a distant land,
I, Aku, the shape-shifting
master of darkness,
unleashed an unspeakable evil.
But a foolish samurai warrior
wielding a magic sword
stepped forth to oppose me.
(SWORDS CLANGING)
Before the final blow was struck,
I tore open a portal in time
and flung him into the future,
where my evil is law.
Now the fool seeks to return to the past
and undo the future that is Aku.
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Watch out
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out ♪
(OWL HOOTING)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(SEAGULLS SQUAWKING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(GALLOPING)
(EXPLOSION)
(BIRDS SQUAWKING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(RUMBLING)
Uh-oh.
(BEEPING)
ELECTRONIC VOICE: You have been found
guilty of breaking Aku law 101 and 203.
Habitation in an unauthorized facility
and unauthorized construction
of an escape vehicle.
Your punishment is extermination.
(ALL SCREAMING)
No! Don't!
(RUSSIAN ACCENT)
Well, according to my calculations,
our chances of escaping
are now 6,352,271 to 1.
(GERMAN ACCENT) Oh, no!
After all these years,
to go back to work for Aku.
(CRYING) I can't do it!
Calm yourself, Frederick.
Oh, easy for you to say.
You were just a baby when the rest of us
were forced to use
our scientific knowledge,
to build Aku's robot armies
und other evil technology.
My age is irrelevant here.
We shouldn't just give up.
We still have a chance.
Well, actually,
there is substance to that theory.
If we launch our escape rocket
before the fail-safe warning head
informs Aku of our whereabouts,
we will succeed.
On the other hand, Aku is quite brilliant,
and knowing our position,
would not only send his ground troops
to destroy us,
but would also block our escape route,
thus forcing us to surrender.
WOMAN: Gentlemen,
the orbital guard has begun to close in
around our escape route.
(BEEPING)
You see? There is no escaping now!
No! There has to be a way!
I humbly apologize.
It was not my intention to bring
these troubles upon you.
Yes! Lt is all your fault!
Come on. That's not fair.
We were bound to be discovered.
If anything, he saved our lives.
Didn't you see the way
he defeated those robots?
Yes, it was quite impressive.
The odds of one person with a sword
defeating three mantroids
were 6,923 to 1.
Hold it, gentlemen.
I think we've found our solution.
If we follow this warrior
through Aku's blockade,
he might create enough of a distraction
to give us a chance to slip through.
That's impossible.
No one can do that.
Let us surrender.
Actually, Frederick,
the odds are promising.
It's only 5,437 to 1.
Yes!
This is quite a predicament.
On one hand, we have to trust a stranger
to battle for the fate of our future.
On the other hand,
the inevitable capture by Aku
and a lifetime of slavery.
I say we give the stranger a shot.
Yes!
This is all pointless.
He probably wouldn't even do it.
Wait. I will gladly help.
But from what I understand,
your battle is in the sky.
I am grounded. I cannot fly.
Leave that to us.
Oh, da! Comrades, the odds
have just improved.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALARM BLARING)
Just hold still, Jack.
This won't take long.
(WHIRRING)
Okey-dokey! We're ready to go!
All right.
Everything looks good.
Let me explain
your hand guidance control...system.
(SCREAMING)
Oh! Oh, Oh...
(EXCLAIMS)
- Wow. ..
- Whoa...
Send in the drones.
(BEEPING)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
Oh, I am so excited.
Soon we shall be at our new home.
We'll finally be able to use
our science for good.
No more protection
against the polluted air.
No more Aku robots.
Yeah, and no more Aku.
(SIGHS)
Home.
(ALL SIGHING)
What is wrong, friend?
Odds are three to one,
you should have fun.
I, too, desire to find my home.
You see, in days long past,
where rockets and robots were
nowhere near creation,
a young warrior forged
into battle with Aku.
At the point where victory was imminent,
Aku tricked the warrior...
And flung him from his own time
to a distant time in the future.
To reclaim his homeland
and undo the evil of Aku,
the warrior has to find
some sort of time passage home.
Such a magic is difficult to find.
Is that warrior you?
Yes.
Wow.
Time travel.
Hmm.
What do you say, gentlemen?
(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
You know a way to travel in time?
It's quite simple, really.
Let's say this is the rocket.
If you get into the escape pod
at the nose of the ship.
And jettison when we hit sub-light speed,
that should put you at faster than light.
Which would easily send you
back to your own time.
This would work?
Oh, yes. This theory is...
This theory is very sound.
Just make sure you're in the pod
before we hit light speed.
The rest will take care of itself.
I will.
Wonderful!
So we're on for tomorrow mor--
Perhaps sooner.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(SHIP RATTLING)
(BEEPING)
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are entering Aku's blockade.
They're going to launch the first wave.
Better get Jack to the air lock.
(WHIRRING)
Don't forget, Jack,
you must be in the pod when
we make the jump to warp drive.
The odds are quite staggering against you
if you are not in the pod.
Good luck, Jack.
Thank you.
(BEEPING)
Here comes the first wave.
T minus 12 before impact.
Five seconds until impact.
(RAPID BEEPING)
(SWORD CLANGING)
(BEEPING)
Jack, they're digging into the hull!
The tick droids are still digging through.
(GASPS)
The fuel level is dropping!
What's going on, Jack?
Uh, Jack, those are what we like to call
guided missiles!
(BEEPING)
They appear to be withdrawing.
We are approaching top speed.
Jack, forget them. Let's go!
Maximum velocity will be achieved
in 1.2 minutes.
Stabilizing retro rockets.
Standing by.
(BEEPING)
(ENGINES REVVING)
Jack, I'm going to lock you in.
This is going to be quite a ride.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
What is that?
Looks like the bugbots
are forming into a...
giant gun.
(BEEPING)
- Jack's unlocking!
- What?
Jack, what are you doing?
We're almost at top speed!
The robots must not fire that gun.
The odds of them hitting us at this speed
are 325 to 1.
I cannot take that chance.
But you'll never make it back in time.
WOMAN OVER RADIO: Jack! Jack!
Initiate the countdown!
But what about Jack?
Darn it! There's no time!
(BEEPING)
(BUZZ)
(RUMBLING)
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Back to the past
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out
♪ Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack
♪ Gotta be back
♪ Samurai Jack
♪ Watch out ♪